## 20251212

Attendees: markj, glebius, jfree, des, imp, jhb, emaste

- Commit bit for Johan Söllvander
    - Approved: 4-0.
- Starting to reap stale commit bits
  - What do we do now that developers@ is a mailing list
- Should we offer Seyed Pouria Mousavizadeh Tehrani a commit bit
  - Perhaps after the Geneve driver lands, https://reviews.freebsd.org/D54172
- markj emailed Cy about removing ipfilter
  - it should be maintainable in ports...?
  - Gleb advocates for a middle ground between keeping code in the kernel, and in ports
    - e.g., keep code in the base system, but not maintained by secteam. Overall agreement is that it is not a great idea. What we can do is add some more coherence between src and those ports that are kmods. E.g. add all "fragile" ports to the normal src CI builds. A CI job which builds the base system and 3rd-party modules.
    - John does not feel a middle ground is viable.  If the code is in the tree, it will
      be considered part of the base system and bugs will still be treated as vulnerabilities
      by the public.
    - Consensus: let's wait for Cy's reply. If he agrees, problem solved. If he doesn't then "we are going to have a longer discussion" [John]
- devinfo libxo patches need to be reverted
  - we will issue an EN for this
  - John will handle the revert
- architecture removal discussion
  - powerpc64le will stay
  - we don't really have clear consensus on armv7
    - we haven't seen any new maintainers step up like we have for powerpc
  - we should have started the discussion sooner perhaps
- we should proactively scan commits to main to look for relnotes candidates
- ask Olivier if he would run will-it-scale as part of stabweek
  - we need proper CI infrastructure to run this locally, but will-it-scale is easy
    to run and produces simple output (a single ops/s number)
- discussed Warner's proposal in https://github.com/freebsd/srcmgr/issues/17
- Spent some time reviewing recent commits for relnotes candidates
  - The result was committed: https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/commit/?id=9734ca05b9b481ae4f812ee39338782e7c2c1dda
- Spent some time working on recent bugzilla reports
